= DESCRIPTION:

Installs/configures monit

= REQUIREMENTS:

Tested on Ubuntu 10.04.1 LTS

= ATTRIBUTES:

=== Basic Settings
monit.interval:: check services every n seconds. defaults to 120
monit.start_delay:: delay initial check by n seconds. defaults to 240.

=== Mail Settings
monit.mail.server:: send mail through the given SMTP server. defaults to localhost
monit.mail.from:: send mail from the given address. defaults to monit@FQDN
monit.mail.to:: send mail to the given address. defaults to ops@example.com
monit.mail.subject:: set the subject for emails. defaults to "monit alert -- $SERVICE $EVENT"

=== Web UI Settings
monit.web.enabled:: whether to enable the web ui. defaults to false
monit.web.bind_to:: the address to bind to. defaults to localhost
monit.web.port:: the port to bind to. defaults to 2812.
monit.web.allow:: the ip/cidr/hostname of who can connect. defaults to localhost

= USAGE:

  include_recipe "monit"

  monit_check "some_process" do
    pidfile "/path/to/file.pid"

    start_command "/etc/init.d/some_process start"
    stop_command  "/etc/init.d/some_process stop"

    memory_limit "100 MB"
    memory_limit_cycles "3 times within 5"
    memory_limit_action "restart"

    cpu_limit "90%"
    cpu_limit_cycles 5
    cpu_limit_action "restart"
  end

= LICENSE

Copyright 2010, Estately, Inc.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
